# Introduction-to-System-Integration-and-Architecture

My expectation of this subject is difficult because it is new to me then I am willing to learn. Then I hope that I will learn a lot from this subject and that I will enjoy studying this subject. Then I hope that even if it is difficult, the lessons or activities in the subject will be easier, especially with the help of our professor in this subject. Then I hope that the whole semester will not be stressful so that our studying this subject will be more enjoyable. Then the conversation in the acting class will be more open, especially since you are our first professor. I hope that you will teach a lot in which to help us.

In this subject i expect about a new things about the system and its architecture to gain knowledge. and hopefully the things i learn i can apply in real world tasks. then to be a big help to us especially for the technology world so that we can understand more about its nature in terms of the technology itself. because nowadays the technology is everywhere and its very important to follow this trend especially when we are BSIT students. we are willing to learn especially from people in the field like you, our professors.

I know that it is not easy for us to go through this subject journey even with other majors but I hope we will learn more from our professors who know this field. I will say that I do not really know where to turn this subject but even so I am willing to learn from the lessons and activities on this subject especially since it is a major subject. which is very important to know because I am an IT student who does not know much or only knows limited things about it. I hope my semester will be good and I hope everyone will have fun with this subject the Introduction to System Integration and Architecture.
